  Facetune is a fun and powerful portrait & selfie photo editor! 
  The perfect image editing app for quick & straight-forward editing. 
  Professional camera app that brings DSLR manual photography controls to Android. 
  Capture amazing time lapse and stop motion videos with this award-winning app. 
  #Vidstitch combines videos and photos to share your collage on Instagram & Vine. 
  Use Imikimi frames to enhance the meaning and beauty of your photos. 
  "The Best Camera App for Android" - lifehacker 
  Superimpose one photo on top of another using the original Superimpose app! 
   
  Love to add personality to your photo edits?  You've found the right tool! 
  Professional video recording application with manual controls for filmmakers! 
  Award winning photo editor with all the tools you need to spice up your pictures 
  Add Watermark - Sign your pictures with a text or logo. Effective, quick, easy! 
  Fantastic photo frames, filters, effects, collages and montages for your images! 
  A professional camera to give you back the pleasure of taking beautiful photos. 
  Full control of your Canon EOS DSLR from your phone or tablet through USB ! 
  Try out brand new hair color in just seconds with the Hair Color Studio Premium! 
  The app for adding text & artwork to your photos. 
  Remove unwanted content from your photos easily! 
  All-purpose, full featured camera for Android. HDR, Panorama, Night and more! 
  Easily download and backup Instagram photos and videos to your device. 
  Welcome to ProShot, the most advanced camera app in the world. 
  Perfect your photos with just 1 tap 
  Android's first camera with Full Manual Controls and RAW! 
  Effortless Art 
  TPE - it's all about the light. 
  remotely control your phone camera to take pictures and make videos 
  Create stunning time-lapse videos. 
  HDR comes to Android! 
  Edit photos create photo collages add filter and frames with Color Splash Effect 
  Simply HDR now on Android! 200,000 Instagram posts and counting! 
  Photo Editor & Collage Maker by BeFunky is a fun, easy-to-use photo editing app. 
  How would you look like with a different nose, chin, breast, buttock? 
  Convert any photo into a tiny planet in only a few seconds with Tiny Planet Fx! 
  Secure and Protect Your Photos With iWatermark 
  Take a PHOTO or VIDEO on your phone through your Pebble with LIVE preview! 
  Create amazing frames with up to five photos. Rounded corners, effects and more! 
  +1500 awesome effects to your gallery, camera & Facebook photos! 
  Enhance professional and beautiful photos with amateur editing skills 
  Transform any image into one-of-a-kind prismatic art. 
  Take your selfies to the celebrity level with Mira! 
  Do you wanna make MLG photos on your phone? 
  Remote Control your smartphone (front and back) camera with Android Wear watch 
  Diptic is the easiest way to create and share beautiful photo collages. 
  How about some thunderstorm in this summer? Let it rain 
  A Fast, Full Featured HDR Camera App, Gallery and Photo Editor. 
  Fast Picasa Web (Google+) photo viewer, online album manager and photo uploader 
  Take up to 30 photos per second with this high-speed camera application 
  Portrait Painter-Create professional gallery-style painting from your own image 
  Easily extremely zoom your camera, take a picture and share it! 
  Experience the magic of the Polaroid instant camera on your Android phone! 
  Thank you for donating 
  High-Speed Camera!
  Photo Editor Color Effect is the best photo editor with great photo editor tools 
  Predictor, tracker and seeker of Sun & Moon positions for any location and time! 
  See the world through a novel, original, stylish and captivating lens. 
  A home for all your photos and videos, organized and searchable. 
  Remix your photos into cool layouts or collages and share them with friends. 
  Create and share compelling, visual stories with the music you love. 
  Instant makeovers w/ true-to-life results & social style tips on Beauty Circle 
  All-in-One Photo Editor and Art Community 
  A powerful photo editor with many amazing effects and filters! 
  Make your photos collection into amazing photo collages and video slideshows. 
  The fastest and most simple app for posting full-size photos to instagram. 
  Make amazing photo collages from your photos! Best collage maker & photo editor! 
  Discover, Explore and Remember in Color 
  Blur border for video, upload Full-Size photo & video to Instagram without crop! 
  Photo and video editor in a snap!  Make your own collage with PicCollage. 
  InstaSize - Post Entire Photos on to Social Media 
  Mobile photography made easy. The best free app to capture, edit & share photos. 
  Quickly combine multiple photos into beautifully framed collages with PicStitch. 
  Free Prints - Print up to 1,000 4x6 Prints a Year FREE right from your Android! 
  Your camera and picture editor with collages, frames & beautifying effects! 
  Skins for Minecraft works for 0.11.x 
  Post full sized pics on Instagram without cropping! 
  Look beautiful with Candy Camera's filters, optimized for selfies! 
  Edit and share photos virtually anywhere. 
  Transfer photos from your mobile device to print and create products at Walmart 
  Create an awesome collage from our photos. Easy to create and share. 
  make your photos into awesome Collage either in grid style or Shape Style. 
  Google Camera snaps quick photos and has great creative modes 
  Mirror Image Photo Editor is the best mirror and reflection effect photo editor. 
  Free professional photo editor app for android. 
  Amazon Cloud Drive Photos puts the power of Amazon Cloud Drive in your pocket. 
  The world's best photo editor, now part of the Adobe family. 
  The best FREE virtual makeup and photo editing app, period. 
  Pixlr is a fun and free photo editor for quick fixes and amazing effects. 
  Wirelessly connect to a KODAK Picture Kiosk in store to print pictures and more 
  The GoPro App makes it easy to control your camera with your phone or tablet. 
  Best free collage app with filters,frames,stickers,text styling & lot more. 
  The easiest way to edit and post full size pictures on Instagram! 
  Take a Selfie, Shine like a Star! 
  Professional quality photo edits with the new Snapseed. 
  Cut/Copy from One Photo and Paste the content in other photos. 
  Turn everyday videos and photos into stunning edited movies - automatically! 
  Phonto is a simple app that allows you to add text to photos. 
  Photo Editor Color Effect is the best photo editor with great photo editor tools 
  The Standard of Mobile Photography 
  "The most powerful Android photo editor". 
  Lipix - the easiest way to make fantastic photo collage. 
  The BEST App to Create MIRROR PHOTO and COLLAGE PHOTO. 
  A simple and faster way to capture moments. 
  The smallest, fastest camera  for best photography/selfie/video experience! 
  Shoot, edit and free your creativity through photography using 24 unique filters 
  The magical beauty camera that allows you to instantly take perfect selfies! 
  Wirelessly print most digital content to HP printers and partner locations. 
  Change hair and eye color of your photos. 
  Photo Collages in awesome Picture grids shapes with Stickers and Draw on Photos. 
  #Vidstitch combines videos and photos to share your collage on Instagram & Vine. 
  Have fun putting a beautiful effect on your photos and sharing with everyone! 
  Tattoo my Photo lets you try new tattoo design without any pain! Tattoo yourself 
  Easy photo gifts. Easy photo upload. Easy photo share. Anytime, anywhere. 
  Pixgram is an app to have a creative slideshow with photos and music you love. 
  Let you become professional photographer.So easy! 
