  Measure BHP, Torque & 0-60
   
  Turn Your Phone / Tablet in a Free HotSpot Tethering 
  Keep your texts at hand. 
  Protect your mobile from viruses, malware, spyware & theft! 
  Mutual 24h monitor & tracker of phone Calls, SMS and Facebook. No more cheating! 
  Gear Fit Messages : A simple way to quick read and reply message on Gear Fit. 
  Tether to Windows, OS X, Linux PCs or Android tablets. No root. No tether fees. 
  The Fast and The Flash Browser (Adobe Flash Player on the cloud) 
  Pro version of Call Recorder without Ads 
  Call blocker and SMS blacklist. Block by prefix, private and unknown numbers. 
  SuperCharged file sharing with a twist! 
  PRO Key for ExDialer - Dialer & Contacts 
  Money Back Guarantee! Email and print your text messages in a few easy steps! 
  Threema is a mobile messenger that puts security and privacy first. 
  Turn your Android device into the second monitor for your Mac or Windows PC! 
  You can easily share your Internet mobile with only ONE CLICK. 
  Turn on Portable Wi-Fi hotspot
  SMS & call from your Android tablet, using your Android phone & number! 
  This is the official XDA-Developers Premium Android App! 
  Allows notifications to interact with your Gear S in a more advanced fashion. 
  Monitor your vehicle's fuel economy while driving! [50% OFF] 
  Build your private space 
  Quickly and easily perform reverse phone lookups on unknown callers. 
  FolderSync enables easy sync of files between cloud storage and Android devices. 
  Email, Share and Print SMS Text Messages directly from your phone. 
  One of the most powerful vehicle diagnostic scan tool with enhanced functions 
  Speed, Simplicity, Security - Lightning has your browsing needs covered. 
  COMPOSE / CALL / REPLY and SEND text messages HANDS FREE 
  The reliable & battery-friendly way of syncing your files to/from Dropbox & FTP! 
  Bluetooth PBAP and IrMC/SYNCH Profile 
  Take full control over your phone! 
  Voice without Minutes! 
  Mini Dialer allows you to initiate phone calls from your Android Wear watch. 
  The best Visual Voicemail app on Android. Don't settle for anything less! 
  AIVC - Artificial Intelligent Voice Control. Control your mobile with your voice 
  TRACK SMS!
  Safest Call And Text Blocker can give you peace. 
  Powerful dialer and contact manager. 
  Call, sms, email or edit contacts from your home screen! 
  Voice alerts & notifications for calls, texts, email & more. Try it risk free! 
  Connect your computer to your device without rooting. 
  A powerful, slick, and easy to use Mumble client. 
  Tether without rooting your device 
  The app speaks out caller name and SMS handsfree. Good for drivers 
  Set MP3 ring and SMS text tones for contacts, get total control of notifications 
  An Android web browser. No spying, no bloat, fast, and feature rich. 
  EMAIL and PRINT your text messages! SMS/MMS support, with image attachments. 
  Portable mobile Wi-Fi Hotspot and USB Tether allows you to share 3G/4G Internet. 
   
  Auto SMS 
  Look for nearby wifi hotspots and connect to open one automatically 
  Female UK English voice for SVOX Classic Text-to-Speech Engine. 
  Sync your SMS, MMS and Call log with Gmail. 
  MailDroid is your IMAP Idle and POP3 replacement for the default client! 
  The best call blocker leaving no traces in the call log, voice mail or SMS log 
  Simple. Personal. Real Time. 
  Connect with all your friends, no matter how you meet them. 
  Skype video and voice calls, instant messaging and cheap international calls. 
  Stay in touch with your friends and family using LINE! 
  Want a fast, smart & safe mobile browser? Get the official free Firefox browser! 
  Message and video chat with your family and friends for free! 
  Protect your mobile from viruses, malware, spyware & theft! 
  Viber - Free messages and calls with anyone, anywhere! 
  Get a free US phone number and call or text for free using WiFi or cell data. 
  #1 messaging app for best SMS/MMS experience. Fast with customized themes 
  Call any number in the world on Hangouts! Most calls to US and Canada are free! 
  Free text messaging and calling over Wi-Fi.  No cell phone service required. 
  GroupMe is the best way to chat with everyone you know. 
  The new My Account App where you can manage airtime, check balance, and more! 
  Free texting (Real SMS) to US Canada and 40 Countries. Free Voice & Video Calls 
  Turn on Portable Wi-Fi hotspot
  The speed and simplicity of Chrome, now on your Android phone and tablet. 
  Block unwanted calls & SMS, see who the unknown caller is, find any phone number 
  Send and receive live video messages, share moments and chat - lightning fast! 
  Google Voice 
  Free walkie talkie & text, photo, and group messaging for instant communication 
  The free messaging, voice & video call app used by over a half billion people 
  Messenger - the new SMS and MMS app by Google. 
  Messenger with rich SMS & MMS, Group Chat, Video Calls and "Everything" Sharing 
  Free texting app for unlimited free texting & free calling. Free texts to anyone 
  Get the most awesome messaging app ever! 
  Download free video face time Calling  application 
  ID unknown callers, block unwanted calls & SMS, stop spam & telemarketers. 
  Textra SMS is a seriously beautiful, feature rich SMS and MMS replacement app. 
  Let us just talk on Android as FaceTime! Free HD video chat, anytime, anywhere! 
  Experience the faster, smarter, richer Yahoo Messenger - made for your Android 
  KakaoTalk - the free, fast and fun messenger! 
  Blazing fast, with antivirus & fraud protection, the best mobile browser! 
  Upgraded version of Handcent SMS for a better, faster, cleaner experience. 
  Identify unknown callers, block unwanted calls, find any phone number &much more 
  Omegle now on Android. Talk to strangers! Free! 
  Opera Mini the fast, secure, web browser. Stay connected to the internet. 
  Block unwanted calls. Identify & stop spam numbers. 
  Tiny and safe Speed Browser with fastest search, download & browsing experience. 
  Call blocker and SMS blacklist. Block by prefix, private and unknown numbers. 
  You can easily share your Internet mobile with only ONE CLICK. 
  Make your mobile web browsing experience better with fast and smart Dolphin 
  1-tap dialing, low international calling rates & no fees. Get FREE calling time! 
  Telegram is a messaging app with a focus on speed and security. 
  Turns your phone into a Mobile Hotspot - no rooting or tether plan required. 
  UC Browser - Surf it Fast
  Manage your account right from your phone with the TracFone My Account app! 
  Android Wear 
  Look for nearby wifi hotspots and connect to open one automatically 
  Keep in touch with those who matter: calling, texting, photo and video sharing. 
  Puffin Browser Free - The Fast & Flash Browser (Flash Player on the cloud) 
  FREE Text Messaging and Group Messaging - never pay for a text message again. 
  Stay connected using Verizon Messages on your Smartphone, tablet, and PC. 
  FREE Calls & Messages to phone numbers and Mo+ users 
  Dialer & Phone. Truedialer upgrades your dialer & contacts on your phone 
