  Watch videos from your favorite PBS KIDS series anytime, anywhere (in the USA). 
  The best way to learn languages is now on Android -- and it's totally free. 
  The Early Learning Academy app offers a full curriculum for children ages 2-7. 
  Lumosity is a training program that challenges your brain 
  Cooking Game for Kids! 
  Educational app with video, tv shows, books, puzzles, games and audio 
  Best StarGazing app to Explore the Universe! Planetarium for astronomy fans! 
  NeuroNation Professional Brain Training - from the lab to your mobile device 
  Starfall FREE offers numerous activites. Become a member to unlock all content. 
  A free, digital storybook designed to explore the big stories of the Bible. 
  Learn to speak Spanish, English, or one of 22 other languages. 
  Quizlet makes simple tools that let you study anything, for free. 
  Learn more with Annie and Moby ...Every Week! 
  Your personal guitar teacher. Play live, read & follow music - tens of songbooks 
  Elevate provides personalized brain training to improve your skills. 
  The Official NASA App for Android 
  Remind is a free, safe and simple way to instantly connect students and parents. 
  Track real time location of live sharks around globe for conservation purpose 
  This app has Info on crafting, Mobs,, redstone and more! 
  "Learn to draw" will teach you how to draw different things. 
  Letters, Math, Puzzles, Sizes, Matching, Colors, Shapes, Patterns and more! 
  English Course Free! The easiest and fastest way to learn English! 
  Get your child to learn now! 
  Interact with engaging animations, sing-along songs & sound effects. 
  The magical augmented reality star gazing and astronomy app. 
  PhotoMath is the world's smartest camera calculator. 
  Babies are encouraged to learn about shapes and colors 
  Learn Spanish : Start speaking in 5 days! 
  Learn Data Science, Android programming, and Machine Learning 
  Fit Brains Trainer is Your Brain Training & Games, Fitness & Health App! Try Now 
  Learn about animal names and the sounds animals make! 
  Riveting talks by remarkable people, free to the world. 
  Learn something new every day, then test your knowledge with a cool quiz! 
  ClassDojo helps teachers encourage students in classrooms and engage parents! 
  Memrise is the ultimate memorisation tool for learning languages 
  This program is dedicated to showing you a variety of interesting math tricks. 
  Complete your Canvas course when you want, where you want. 
  Quizzes and fun challenge problems in math, science, SAT, ACT, & JEE prep. 
  Take the wheel and step on the gas as you head down snowy roads! 
  Kids will have a blast learning sight words with the adorable Endless monsters. 
  Infinite Campus keeps you informed. View assignments, grades, attendance & more. 
  Our method is entertaining and works, because it makes complicated things easy 
  Free kids Bible app with videos, games, audio, trivia, Bible profiles & more! 
  Learn C++ anytime, anywhere! 
  Connect math and literacy skills to everyday experiences with fun learning games 
  Stay on top of your academic life with PowerSchool for Students 
  Solve your math problems anywhere, anytime. 
  Learn languages with Babbel - anywhere and anytime.  
  Totally interactive Nursery Rhymes for kids with music, animations, sing-along. 
  Learn numbers, send emoticons, and have your baby converse with their friends. 
  Kids all over the world can make friends via drawing without language. 
  31,300+ state-specific rule/sign Q&A to pass any car, motorcycle or truck test! 
  Zoodles Kid Mode: The Best Learning Games, Videos, and Books for Kids.  FREE! 
  With over 14,000 online courses and tutorials, you can learn anything on Udemy. 
  Application of jw.org where you will find biblical information. 
  8 amazing spelling activities and games inside + interactive ABC song 
  Blast into space with Harvey the dog! 
  Scholly - the easy way to find scholarships. 
  Welcome to Toca Lab! Discover elements by experimenting with the lab tools. 
  You rule in Toca Life: Town, a play world where anything and everyone is welcome 
  Stack the States makes learning about the 50 states fun! 
  Letters, Math, Puzzles, Sizes, Matching, Colors, Shapes, Patterns and more! 
  Monkey Preschool Lunchbox: 7 exciting educational games for your preschooler. 
  Play, sing, and learn about all kinds of feelings with your friend Daniel Tiger. 
  Nature is magic. Toca Nature delivers that magic to your fingertips. 
  Ryder and the pups need your child's help to save Adventure Bay! 
  Give your friends and family a totally new look! 
  The most realistic sky map to observe stars, planets and constellations! 
  Meet all-new Star Walk 2, with exclusive artwork and 3D constellations. 
  Help your child learn to read with SUPER WHY literacy games from PBS KIDS! 
  Mickey's magical 3D coloring book, where your child's creativity comes to life! 
  Building and crafting game for kids! 
  Kids play & learn about bedtime and bath time routines at Daniel Tiger's house. 
  The best-selling toddler app with 3 new animals & 12 different languages! 
  THE ESTABLISHED "GO TO" ARMY BOARD PREPARATION APP! 
  The pets need you! In Toca Pet Doctor our animal friends want your caring love. 
  Spectacular stargazing experience to identify a gazillion of celestial objects. 
  Get ready to race along with Blaze and The Monster Machines! 
  Ryder and the pups need your child's help to save Adventure Bay! 
  See, hear, and interact with letters and sounds in words, sentences, and games. 
  Hear, touch, and Learn to Read! 
  An amazing way to organize, level, and track your book library! 
  Most up to Date Army Study Guide Available! Don't study Outdated APP's 
  Dive into our alphabet aquarium for an ultimate super ABC alphabet adventure. 
  Let your imagination run wild in the colorful world of Toca Mini! 
  Play with Yo Gabba Gabba! babies, as seen on Nick Jr., in this adorable app! 
  An easy to use yet powerful and full-featured flashcard study app. 
  A clear and detailed star chart with a wealth of additional functionality 
  The premium version of the world famous star gazing and astronomy app. 
  Expand your vocab with lightning speed! Master words in a fun, addictive game. 
  Stack the Countries makes learning world geography fun! 
  Fun to play, mind-sharpening game that introduces kids to logic & puzzle solving 
  "Kids learn about Animals" educational application - teach child through play! 
  Alcoholics Anonymous Daily Reflections 
  Learning. Counting, numbers, letters, sequence, memory from "Dinosaur Games" 
  The Rescue Dinos have arrived! 
  10 fun doctor games and activities! 
  The best ABC Reading Phonics Island School - Parents' Choice Award winner! 
  Take a learning adventure with your pals from Mickey Mouse Clubhouse! 
  Get behind the wheel for Race Day in Umi City! 
  Join Monkey as he explores a world of letters, sight words, phonics and spelling 
  Cheerful game where children play a Doctor and cure little patients 
  Make your own animated movie starring Cinderella, Ariel and Belle! 
