  Netflix is the leading subscription service for watching TV episodes and movies. 
  Discover great games, and earn achievements and high scores. 
  The Nick app brings the funny, faster with nothing but the best from Nickelodeon 
  Make and share your own music video, musicals and fun videos! 
  Hulu. Unlimited Instant Streaming. 
  Watch, create and share short looping videos -- anytime, anywhere. 
  Watch & chat about your favorite games, players and events. 
  Watch handpicked Hollywood Movies & TV Shows on your phone. Free and on demand. 
  Showbox movie is a timed three round matching game, featuring tv cards. 
  Romance is in the air for Tom and Angela! 
  Coloring book for adults now on Android for FREE
  Meet Talking Tom's best "friend" Ben! 
  The original Talking Tom Cat is back - and better than ever. 
  Akinator can read your mind and tell you what character you are thinking about! 
  Dive into a world of learning, discovery, and entertainment with YouTube Kids. 
  Enjoy your Disney, Pixar, Marvel & Star Wars movies with Disney Movies Anywhere. 
  Your Daily Dose of Fun :) 
  The best of Cartoon Network all in one app! Games, videos, polls, and more! 
  STAY IN THE GAME 
  Join Talking Angela in Paris, the city of love and style! 
  Little Talking Ginger needs your help! Help him get ready for bed. 
  Watch full episodes of your favorite CBS shows with the free CBS app! 
  America's Got Talent Official App - now it's your turn to be the judge! 
  Listen to police and fire departments from around the world. 
  Find movie & theater listings, watch trailers, view fan ratings & buy tix fast! 
  Turn yourself into a personalized emoji to use in any chat message! 
  iKeyboard  is a perfect swift keyboard with lots of themes ,emoticons 
  InboxDollars is the mobile and online loyalty club that pays members real cash! 
  Turn your Android Device into a control center for your Roku Player and Roku TV 
  Immerse yourself in a world of storytelling made for mobile. 
  Find and reserve Redbox movies and games nearby with the official Redbox app! 
  Tom and Ben are even chattier and more entertaining as TV news anchors! 
  Prank call your friends! 
  Movies by Flixster. The #1 app for movie reviews, trailers, and showtimes. 
  Tom is your pet cat, that responds to your touch and repeats everything you say. 
  Viggle  - FREE Entertainment Rewards for TV and Music Fans 
  Ticketmaster Tickets - Live Event Tickets for Concerts, Festivals, Sports, Music 
  Earn rewards for checking into nearby locations 
  Meet the Palace Pets! They can't wait to play and be cared for by you! 
  This app will melt your face! 
  Send pre-recorded sounds and phrases to make your messages come to life. 
  Do you want to scan your hand with X-RAY? 
  FREE Police Radio Scanner lets you listen to Police scanners in your area! 
  Steam: chat and participate in the Steam community, catch unbeatable Steam sales 
  Welcome to the spellbinding world of Ever After High! 
  Download the cutest love app ever! 
  Xbox One SmartGlass is the perfect companion app for your Xbox One 
  Talking Pierre is in the house! Are you ready for some amazing guitar shredding? 
  Not at home? No problem. With DIRECTV you can easily set your home DVR. 
  FXNOW is an on-demand video service from 3 networks, FX, FXX and FXM. 
  Make any photo into a funny one. 
  AllCast - Stream local video to your Roku, Xbox, Apple TV, WDTV, or Samsung TV 
  Akinator can read your mind and tell you what character you are thinking about! 
  Listen to police and fire departments from around the world. 
  Based on the Disney Junior show Doc McStuffins. Four entertaining activities. 
  The famous Crazy Heliumbooth is now available on Android. Create Funniest Videos 
   
  Talk to an app - to an AI with Actual Intelligence! 
  The weekly public radio program This American Life, from Chicago Public Media. 
  Stream any media to Roku, Apple TV, Fire TV, Chromecast, Smart TV & Google TV 
  ESO Hireling allows quick access to general information about ESO. 
  Official Dude your car app! Play pranks on everyone! Best app for April Fool's! 
  Watch Live TV, Cable/OTA from your Android devices w/ HDHomeRun & HDHomeRun VIEW 
  Bring photos of your pet to life with My Talking Pet! 
  Ahoy and welcome to Pirate School, Matey! 
  Stick Messaging better than any emoticons. Awesome stick art for your phone! 
  Choose a meme, insert a cool caption, and share it with friends! Now without ads 
  Watch clips, trailers, and select full episodes from your favorite anime series. 
  Hue Disco Android. An amazing controller for your Philips Hue connected house. 
  Scan, detect, communicate and record the paranormal world with EVP, ITC and EMF 
  My PlayHome is the ultimate play house for toddlers and kids 2 and up! 
  Sit comfortably and watch movies in the most modern VR Cinema in the world. 
  Turn your phone into a Virtual Reality PC headmount. Enjoy affordable VR! 
  Turn your Android phone into a TV! 
  Get crafty and create 3D Minecraft models with just paper and glue! 
  Paint, draw, and create art with tools that work just like the real thing. 
  Fakes your phone location for usage with third party apps 
  Choose the ringtone you like from over 10,000,000+ or create your own. 
  Funny. Sad. True. Listen to hundreds of stories from The Moth. 
  Direct access to the most complete Guitar Tab Archive in Spanish: LaCuerda.net 
  Hey y'all, enjoy these Texas Emojis! Awesome Texas themed icons for texting 
  Listen to new and favorite episodes and help Jad and Robert create new shows. 
  Smoke and water simulation in your pocket! Physics based app and live wallpaper. 
  The DirecTV Remote that offers the most bang for the buck!*
  Police Scanner Radio PRO has the most police radio available.  Listen anywhere. 
  A funny game that simulates energy focus in your city map. 
  Let your Emotions run wild as you journey through Inside Out Storybook Deluxe! 
  A digital dice roller for Star Wars (TM) products from Fantasy Flight Games! 
  Send Video, Audio and Photo from web/DMS/phone to ChromeCast, DLNA and Apple TV. 
  Create your own game on your android tablet or phone.
  The Ultimate 3D Firearms Configurator 
  If you found a Wheres George? dollar bill,use this app to see where it has been! 
  Best RuneScape Android app out! Check stats, item prices, advent log and more! 
  Very realistic Fireworks effects for your Philips Hue Lighting System. 
  The scariest magic trick you will find for the Android. Gets a great reaction. 
  Wirelessly display your iPad or iPhone on any Android device with Reflector! 
  Stretch, push, and pull clay to make your very own version of Mickey or Minnie! 
  Check who might have a crush on you based on a very smart algorithm. 
  Looking for the best voice changer? Try this app. 
  It's your new best friend, Scooby-Doo! Everyone's favorite dog detective. 
  Make fantastic bows with Minnie in her Bow-Tique! 
  Binaural Brainwave Doses for Every Imaginable Mood. 
   
  Imagine your Frozen story as you record your voice, add characters and music. 
  The Ultimate 3D Firearms Configurator 
  Get ready to create big adventures with Dora and Friends! 
  Hero Lab Character Sheet is a Pathfinder D&D character sheet app. 
